date: November 15, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [rktaylor, jacondel, bpriexin, yonghyun, alee22, kangmink]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: rktaylor, progress: Tediously merged my previous changes onto s4-serverside in GitHub, added right/wrong feedback to test.html},
  {ubit: alee22, progress: Ugh, check GitHub for everyone else, busy meeting..},
  {ubit: jacondel, progress: ""},
  {ubit: yonghyun, progress: ""},
  {ubit: bpriexin, progress: ""},
  {ubit: kangmink, progress: ""}
  ]
issues: [
  {ubit: anyone, issue: A user-agreement document may need to be written because our purpose is research.
  {ubit: rktaylor, issue: Only test.html updates on my server folder for some reason.}
  ]
Notes:  | 
We are going to do beta testing on 11/16 at 2pm. We will need a debug/suggestion form for users to fill out, and whatever else.

Train2 needs more feedback for wrong answers, or else it gets boring.
Security Problems include logout verification, cookie redirecting (login verification), and converting scoreboard to .html instead of .php.
Instructions could be added to each page.
The badge graphics must be credited as being from... wherever they came from.

NOTE FOR GRADING, I (rktaylor) tend to understate everyone else's tasks, because there's too much going on at once during our meetings.