meeting_type: ta
attendance: [rktaylor, jacondel, alee22, yonghyun]
absent: [bpriexin, kangmink]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: bpriexin, : reason: Had to work, didn't know we were meeting.},
  {ubit: kangmink, : None},
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: rktaylor, progress: Research, no more},
  {ubit: alee22, progress: Research},
  {ubit: jacondel, progress: Created the basic list generator, and has improved it a lot},
  {ubit: yonghyun, progress: }
  ]
issues: [
  {ubit: rktaylor, issue: Half of us showed up for the second manditory meeting.}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Created repo named: memory1
  Got some code on the repo.
  Everyone except Julius can meet 9/14 at 2.
