date: September 21, 2016
meeting_type: student
attendance: [rktaylor, jacondel, alee22, bpriexin, kangmink]
absent: [yonghyun]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: yonghyun, excuse: had class or had to work}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: rktaylor, progress: Nothing},
  {ubit: alee22, progress: Nothing},
  {ubit: jacondel, progress: Nothing},
  {ubit: yonghyun, progress: Not present},
  {ubit: bpriexin, progress: Got Google authentication for Javascript, gave everyone instructions for Amazon AWS access},
  {ubit: kangmink, progress: Edited the database}
  ]
issues: [
  {None}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
We've kind of split into three subgroups:
Andrew and Ryan focus on the client-side experience; the "gameplay" itself kinda.
Ben and Julius focus on the server; how user data can be retrieved and used.
Kang and Jacob focus on the database; how user data can be stored.

Perhaps instead of having one big student meeting RIGHT after the TA meeting, we should
have meetings within our "subgroups"...
